fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/kubernetes-operator/api-reference.md

---

> title: 'API Reference — wasmCloud Kubernetes Operator'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'API Reference — wasmCloud Kubernetes Operator'
sidebar_label: 'API Reference'
```

> ---
> title: 'API Reference — wasmCloud Kubernetes Operator'
> sidebar_position: 3
> description: 'Full API reference for the wasmCloud Kubernetes operator — every Custom Resource Definition, field, and configuration option used to run Wasm workloads.'
> ---
> 
> ## Packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'API Reference — wasmCloud Kubernetes Operator'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'API Reference'
sidebar_position: 3
description: 'Full API reference for the wasmCloud Kubernetes operator — every Custom Resource Definition, field, and configuration option used to run Wasm workloads.'
---

# API Reference

## Packages
```
